1d3 Bathhouse employee, single, f, carrying (1. soap, 2. water, 3. flammable perfume)
Suratha, a human champion who kills vampires when outside the bathhouse. Reacts to commotion.
Valdin Kyr, cleric of Church of the Domestic. Looking for her sister Sally (in a well two squares east).
Little Yasa, looking to hook up. She’s from an Orb to the North, saves up to come here.
Boola and Thasp, orphan girls from large orb to the north. They want to be adventurers, heard Tanarhh the Thief comes here sometimes.
1d6 footmen in livery, If odd: colorless, silent, strange. If even: heart, chatty, stupid.
Granny Weatherbee, a witch. She’s here with her kitty, miss kissy. Trying to determine it the cat’s supposed to sound like it does (“*COUGH*HELP*COUGH*”). Cat is a transmogrified human, knows where Sally (Valid Kyr’s sister) is.
Tula Mothridge, an abandoned sailor. Friendly with the Semyone Bosprus (owner), will rat on party if they cause mischief. Actually part of Arness’s crew, if party can prove connection she’ll be friendly.
No one, but you can hear two people talking (two more roles), and overhear a rumor.
No one, but there’s a lot of steam OR a weird, floral smell.
1d3 bathhouse employee, single, m, carrying (1. towels, 2. water, 3. fresh seashells for room 7).
1d6 Pale pawns, owners of various pastry shops. Insist party try out their shops, give out free sample coupons (“Just pay tax!”)
1d4 colorless pawns, training to be bishops. covered with oozing sores and pus. Want to be super clean so the water and algae can better claim them. May ask PCs to help clean them/give alms.
1d4 good-natured crows, They hunt snap-dragonflies, puddings, and other edible things. Spending their earnings here. Will run to any commotion.
Marcus Pian, a depressed human alchemist. He chose to save his lab over his Orb many years ago. Just recently, his lab blew up in an accident, and all his research is lost. Contemplating suicide.
Gothrug, a human warrior convinced that he will find the Jabberwock and use it to defeat the vampires. Insists the Jabberwock is “his”, will become hostile if party contradicts this.
Mamaroon the Sun-Silk merchant, Will size up party. Claims to know where to find sun-silkworm collection here (“where do you think the bottled sun comes from?”), wants help smuggling them out of here. 
Tamarhh the Thief, Wants to rob party but will also converse with them (“Hey, you ever uh… stolen anything?”) to see if they would be good recruits for a future job.
No one, but you feel water rush through pipes under your feet.
No one, but you hear two people fighting/making out (50% of each) from around the corner.